Product renaming (#79)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/shop_administration/manage_orders.md

## Order management

> [[= product_name_com =]] provides a list of all orders in **eZ Commerce** > **Order Management**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[= product_name_com =]] provides a list of all orders in **eCommerce** > **Order Management**.
```
